OSDOCS-16941: Fix DITA CalloutList in OLM modules (batch 1) (#115365)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-creating-catalog-from-index.adoc

apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: CatalogSource
metadata:
  name: my-operator-catalog
  namespace: {namespace}
spec:
  sourceType: grpc
  grpcPodConfig:
    securityContextConfig: <security_mode>
  image: <registry>/<namespace>/{index-image}:{tag}
  displayName: My Operator Catalog
  publisher: <publisher_name>
  updateStrategy:
    registryPoll:
      interval: 30m
----
+
where:

`metadata.name`:: Specifies that if you mirrored content to local files before uploading to a registry, remove any backslash (`/`) characters to avoid an "invalid resource name" error when you create the object.
`metadata.namespace`:: Specifies that if you want the catalog source to be available globally to users in all namespaces, specify the `{namespace}` namespace. Otherwise, you can specify a different namespace for the catalog to be scoped and available only for that namespace.

> `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig`:: Specifies the value of `legacy` or `restricted`. If the field is not set, the default value is `legacy`. In a future {product-title} release, it is planned that the default value will be `restricted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
** If you mirrored content to local files before uploading to a registry, remove any backslash (`/`) characters from the `metadata.name` field to avoid an "invalid resource name" error when you create the object.
** If you want the catalog source to be available globally to users in all namespaces, specify the `{namespace}` namespace. Otherwise, you can specify a different namespace for the catalog to be scoped and available only for that namespace.
** The `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` field defines the pod security admissions (PSA) policy for the catalog source pod. It accepts the values of `legacy` or `restricted`. If the field is not set, the default value is `legacy`. In a future {product-title} release, it is planned that the default value will be `restricted`.
```

+
[NOTE]
====
If your catalog cannot run with `restricted` permissions, it is recommended that you manually set this field to `legacy`.
====

> `spec.image`:: Specifies your index image. If you specify a tag after the image name, for example `:{tag}`, the catalog source pod uses an image pull policy of `Always`, meaning the pod always pulls the image prior to starting the container. If you specify a digest, for example `@sha256:<id>`, the image pull policy is `IfNotPresent`, meaning the pod pulls the image only if it does not already exist on the node.
> `spec.publisher`:: Specifies your name or an organization name publishing the catalog.
> `spec.updateStrategy.registryPoll`:: Specifies that catalog sources can automatically check for new versions to keep up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The `spec.image` field defines your index image. If you specify a tag after the image name, for example `:{tag}`, the catalog source pod uses an image pull policy of `Always`, meaning the pod always pulls the image before starting the container. If you specify a digest, for example `@sha256:<id>`, the image pull policy is `IfNotPresent`, meaning the pod pulls the image only if it does not already exist on the node.
** Use the `spec.publisher` field to define the name of the entity publishing the catalog.
** The `spec.updateStrategy.registryPoll` field defines the interval for how often catalog sources automatically check the catalog registry for new versions.
```

kind: CatalogSource
metadata:
  name: my-operator-catalog
  namespace: {namespace}
  annotations:
    olm.catalogImageTemplate:
      "<registry>/<namespace>/<index_image_name>:v{kube_major_version}.{kube_minor_version}.{kube_patch_version}"
spec:
  sourceType: grpc
  grpcPodConfig:
    securityContextConfig: <security_mode>
  image: <registry>/<namespace>/<index_image_name>:<tag>
  displayName: My Operator Catalog
  publisher: <publisher_name>
  updateStrategy:
    registryPoll:
      interval: 30m
----
+

> where:
> 
> `metadata.namespace`:: Specifies that if you want the catalog source to be available globally to users in all namespaces, specify the `{namespace}` namespace. Otherwise, you can specify a different namespace for the catalog to be scoped and available only for that namespace.
> `metadata.annotations.olm.catalogImageTemplate`:: Specifies your index image name and use one or more of the Kubernetes cluster version variables as shown when constructing the template for the image tag. This field is optional.
> `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig`:: Specifies the value of `legacy` or `restricted`. If the field is not set, the default value is `legacy`. In a future {product-title} release, it is planned that the default value will be `restricted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If you want the catalog source to be available globally to users in all namespaces, specify the `{namespace}` namespace. Otherwise, you can specify a different namespace for the catalog to be scoped and available only for that namespace.
** Optional: Set the `olm.catalogImageTemplate` annotation to your index image name and use one or more of the Kubernetes cluster version variables as shown when constructing the template for the image tag.
** The `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` field defines the pod security admissions (PSA) policy for the catalog source pod. The field the value of `legacy` or `restricted`. If the field is not set, the default value is `legacy`. In a future {product-title} release, it is planned that the default value will be `restricted`.
```

+
[NOTE]
====
If your catalog cannot run with `restricted` permissions, it is recommended that you manually set this field to `legacy`.
====

> `spec.image`:: Specifies your index image. If you specify a tag after the image name, for example `:{tag}`, the catalog source pod uses an image pull policy of `Always`, meaning the pod always pulls the image prior to starting the container. If you specify a digest, for example `@sha256:<id>`, the image pull policy is `IfNotPresent`, meaning the pod pulls the image only if it does not already exist on the node.
> `spec.publisher`:: Specifies your name or an organization name publishing the catalog.
> `spec.updateStrategy.registryPoll`:: Specifies that catalog sources can automatically check for new versions to keep up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The `spec.image` field defines your index image. If you specify a tag after the image name, for example `:{tag}`, the catalog source pod uses an image pull policy of `Always`, meaning the pod always pulls the image before starting the container. If you specify a digest, for example `@sha256:<id>`, the image pull policy is `IfNotPresent`, meaning the pod pulls the image only if it does not already exist on the node.
** Use the `spec.publisher` field to define the name of the entity publishing the catalog.
** The `spec.updateStrategy.registryPoll` field defines the interval for how often catalog sources automatically check the catalog registry for new versions.
```
